README.md, before:

## OpenStreetMap Contributor App Feature & Issue tracker

![Filters Drawer](/images/drawer.jpg)
![Menu](/images/menu.png)

### About the App
The Openstreetmap Contributor app allows anyone to contribute to OSM. It enables those-who-know to easily manage a group of newbies as the contribution process is intuitive and easy.  
Bring your MapParties to a whole new level!  

### How it works
For years, we have been using apps that do everything. For OSM, it means: add any node/way, edit, delete, comment, tag...
The hardest thing is that an amenity is not constrained to any model.  
If it does not really raise any issue for a desktop use, it is challenging when it comes to mobile contribution.  

The approach proposed here is a little different, even though it stays compliant with the classical approach:  
 1 - Go on the website and select a contribution zone  
 2 - Load all amenities of the zone, or manually declare the amenity model  
 3 - Generate the custom contributor app  
 4 - Give it to your team, play, and start mapping!  

### Beta instances
To ensure better performance, the service is available only in some areas. You can request for a new area to be added by submitting an issue on this repository.
@Community: We are grateful for any feedback you might have on either the frontend or the mobile apps. Go crazy and let us know!

http://osm.designmyapp.mobi

### Feedback / Issue tracking
Please use this github project as a feedback, feature request or issue tracker.  
You can use the following tags to help us: [Bug], [Mobile], [Web], [Feature], [Feedback], [Area]  

### Twitter
You can also reach us on Twitter:  
@LoicOrtola  (Technical)  
@Olduv  (Legal)  
@DesignMyApp   

### Changelog

[1.1.1]:
 - Fixed POI Deletion Bug
 - Minor Bugfixes

[1.1.0]:
 - Floating menu if only few POI Types are present  
 - Implemented Ways edit support
 - Improvements of the vector render engine  
 - Manual Sync is more detailed
 - Bugfixes

[1.0.0]:
 - Changesets can now be pushed together manually  
 - Notes and comments are now supported  
 - Implemented Filters for notes (Open/Closed)  
 - Improvements of the vector render engine  
 - Drawer layout improvements  
 - New Splashscreen  
 - About page  
 - Bugfixes

[0.2.0]:  
 - Bugfixes
 - Now supporting POI deletion
 - Implemented POI Type filters
 - Implemented level differentiators

[0.1.0]:  
 - Bugfixes
 - Now supporting unlimited amount of amenities
 - New amenities icons
 
[0.0.0]:
 - MapView
 - Lightweight Vector Render engine for zoom level > 19
 - Display amenities as POIs on a map
 - Create new POI
 - Edit POI tags
 - Edit POI position
 - Autocompletion
 - Material Design



### More Screenshots
![Notes on Map](/images/note.png)|
![Ways edition](/images/ways.png)
![Changeset Commit](/images/changeset.jpg)| 
![POI Creation](/images/note_discussion.jpg)

Commit message:

Added osm-contributor-1.2.0-SNAPSHOT codebase

README.md, after:

## OpenStreetMap Contributor Mapping Tool

![Filters Drawer](/images/drawer.jpg)
![Menu](/images/menu.png)

### About the App
The Openstreetmap Contributor app allows anyone to contribute to OSM. It enables those-who-know to easily manage a group of newbies as the contribution process is intuitive and easy.  
The App comes in three flavours: store (for the Android Store version), poi-storage (for MapSquare POI Databases), and template (for the osm.mapsquare.io tool for Mapping parties).
Bring your MapParties to a whole new level!

### How it works
For years, we have been using apps that do everything. For OSM, it means: add any node/way, edit, delete, comment, tag...
The hardest thing is that an amenity is not constrained to any model.  
If it does not really raise any issue for a desktop use, it is challenging when it comes to mobile contribution.  

The approach proposed here is a little different, even though it stays compliant with the classical approach:  
 1 - Go on the website and select a contribution zone  
 2 - Load all amenities of the zone, or manually declare the amenity model  
 3 - Generate the custom contributor app  
 4 - Give it to your team, play, and start mapping!  

### Beta instances
@Community: We are grateful for any feedback you might have on either the frontend or the mobile apps. Go crazy and let us know!

http://osm.mapsquare.io

### Feedback / Issue tracking
Please use this github project as a feedback, feature request or issue tracker.  
You can use the following tags to help us: [Bug], [Mobile], [Web], [Feature], [Feedback]

### Twitter
You can also reach us on Twitter:  
@LoicOrtola  (Technical)  
@Olduv  (Legal)  
@DesignMyApp   

### Changelog

[1.2.0]:
 - Three flavours: store, template, poi-storage
 - Support on/off POI tag type
 - French translation
 - Javadoc
 - Refactor, preparation for OpenSourcing
 - Manual management of PoiTypes
 - Implemented second right drawer for filters
 - Updated Copyrights
 - Bugfixes
 - **OpenSource RELEASE**

[1.1.1]:
 - Fixed POI Deletion Bug
 - Minor Bugfixes

[1.1.0]:
 - Floating menu if only few POI Types are present  
 - Implemented Ways edit support
 - Improvements of the vector render engine  
 - Manual Sync is more detailed
 - Bugfixes

[1.0.0]:
 - Changesets can now be pushed together manually  
 - Notes and comments are now supported  
 - Implemented Filters for notes (Open/Closed)  
 - Improvements of the vector render engine  
 - Drawer layout improvements  
 - New Splashscreen  
 - About page  
 - Bugfixes

[0.2.0]:  
 - Bugfixes
 - Now supporting POI deletion
 - Implemented POI Type filters
 - Implemented level differentiators

[0.1.0]:  
 - Bugfixes
 - Now supporting unlimited amount of amenities
 - New amenities icons
 
[0.0.0]:
 - MapView
 - Lightweight Vector Render engine for zoom level > 19
 - Display amenities as POIs on a map
 - Create new POI
 - Edit POI tags
 - Edit POI position
 - Autocompletion
 - Material Design



### More Screenshots
![Notes on Map](/images/note.png)|
![Ways edition](/images/ways.png)
![Changeset Commit](/images/changeset.jpg)| 
![POI Creation](/images/note_discussion.jpg) 

### Contributors
This app is actively developed by  
fredszaq  
sdesprez  
nicolasfavier  
tonymanou  
loicortola  

We welcome any contributors with issues / pull requests.
